.Dd January 19, 2016
.Dt TMK 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tmk
.Nd maintain program dependencies with Tcl
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm tmk
.Op Fl D Ar variable
.Op Fl e
.Op Fl f Pa file
.Op Fl I Ar directory
.Op Fl j Ar max_processes
.Op Fl n
.Op Fl P Ar directory
.Op Fl s
.Op Fl u
.Op Fl V Ar variable
.Op Ar PARAM=VALUE
.Op Ar target
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a program to process a
.Em TMakefile
-- a build automation script written in Tcl.
.Pp
The arguments are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl D Ar variable
Define
.Ar variable
prior to evaluating the TMakefile (that is, set it to 1).
.It Fl e
Add the environment to the search path for parameters.
.It Fl f Ar file
Evaluate
.Ar file
instead of the default
.Ar TMakefile .
.It Fl I Ar directory
Add
.Ar directory
to the search path for files included with the
.Ar include
command.
.It Fl j Ar max_processes
Use up to 
.Ar max_processes
processes to evaluate the TMakefile.
.It Fl n
Display the commands that would be evaluated by tmk without actually executing them.
.It Fl P Ar directory
Add
.Ar directory
to the package search path used by the
.Ar package require
command.
.It Fl s
Silent mode: do not display information on stdout.  Errors will still be displayed.
.It Fl u
Force update: update all targets needed by the goal target, regardless of whether
they're out of date or not.
.It Fl V Ar variable
Display tmk's idea of the value of
.Ar variable
without executing any rules.
.It Ar PARAM=VALUE
Set the parameter
.Ar PARAM
to
.Ar VALUE ,
overriding any defaults specified in the TMakefile.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh HISTORY
.Sy tmk
was first developed in early 2016 by Cory Burgett and Andre van Schalkwyk,
inspired by the classic
.Sy make
utility included with UNIX variants, whose history goes way back.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Bl -hang -compact -width DS
.It The TMk Reference Manual (refman)
.It The Jim Tcl User Reference Manual
.It Xr make 1
.El
